Food Server

Personal Info
Phone
513-5125-0000

E-mail
rachel.w.williams@gmail.com

:

rachel-munchies.blogspot.com

Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/rachelwendywillia.
S

=

Skills

Customer Service

POS

Dining Room Setup and Layout

Stress Tolerance

Decision Making

Restaurant Intercom Operation

Dependable Fine Dining Server with 5+ years of experience in a renowned French
restaurant. Increased average monthly sales by 18% by actively upselling and
recommending wine-pairing decisions. Trained 10 employees. Seeking to leverage my
expertise to help Restaurant XYZ boost customer happiness scores.

Experience

2013 - Head Server
present ABC Restaurant, New York City, NY
* Worked in a high-paced environment, typically serving 10-15 tables
at a time.
Provided excellent customer service: greeted customers, provided
perfect seating by their requests, explained food and beverage
specials.
Actively resolved customer complaints and issues with delegating
them to higher management.
Reconciled cash register at the beginning and end of day to verify
revenue sales. Decreased register errors by 40%.
Key achievement: Increased average monthly sales by 18% by
designing and introducing a system of recommending wine-pairing
decisions based on taste and menu.

Waitress

PHO 206, Newark, NJ

* Provided outstanding customer service to an average of 60 guests
per night.
Delivered ac ite food orders for each patron, three plates on one
arm.
Averaged 23% tips on $1,000+ nightly sales.
Processed food orders via phone, prioritized and organized work to
ensure the restaurant ran smoothly behind the scenes.

Hostess

Seaside Grill, NJ

* Orchestrated the seating chart for incoming patrons.

* Delegated side work for other hostesses.

* Oversaw the cleanliness of tables throughout the restaurant.
* Volunteered to run food when servers were busy.

Education
2011 Forest Hills High School, Queens, NY

Interests

Healthy lifestyle and fitness: ran 4 marathons in 2018, calisthenics
trainings 3x a week

Avid food blogger at rachel-munchies.blogspot.com



