Ewan Lyons Certified master electrician with 7+ years of experience. Seeking to provide safe &

efficient electrical design, installation, and maintenance at Ophelia Industries. At Amp
Electrician Systems, installed and repaired key electrical systems. Identified a complex wiring

issue that slashed fire risk 38%. Managed 9 apprentices with 18% efficiency increase.
Personal Info

Experience
Address P
ELS 2014 - Master Electrician
LONDON 2019 Amp Systems
Be Installed and repaired key electrical systems, including fixtures.
Phone wiring, and motors. Exceeded productivity targets by 23%
077 7483 9649 Trained and onboarded 6 electrical apprentices
E-mail Installed switches, circuit breaker panels, and relays.
ewanlyons@gmail.com Designed and implemented power and control circuits

Managed 9 apprentice electricians, prioritizing and assigning work
Linkedin

’ Assessed work quality and drove 18% efficiency increase.

linkedin,com/infewantyons

Installed and maintained switchgear and electrical distribution centres
Tey up to 14,000 volts, observing all lockout-tagout policies.
(Walter. comewanlyons Key Achievement:

Fy * Identified and repaired a complex and hazardous wiring issue. Built

Skills

and supervised a team of 6 specialists. Reduced fire risk 38%
Risk evaluation ‘ Pee

Maintenance Electrician

ST:

Industrial control systems

Knowledge of safety regulations

Wiring diagrams

Amp Systems

¢ Maintained and troubleshot high and low voltage electrical systems
and controls, including VFD controllers and variable speed drives.

¢ Used Total Productive Maintenance to cut downtime by 32%

* Inspected job sites alongside inspectors. Ensured NEC compliance

Key Achievement:

a « Slashed costs 28% by installing factory-wide energy saving devices.
Precision .

[SESE Education

Mentoring skills 2011 Diploma in Electrical Installations (Level 3)
Es 2013 West London

Accuracy

a Additional Activities

Volunteer electrician, The New Moon Rescue Animal Shelter

Course

Domestic Electrician Course, RT Training Solutions



